deer deer
deer
Who is the deer?
I have investigated
Xiaolu is Xiao He's sister
He was the one who made the big eater king
Bring it back to Songhe Martial Arts Hall
Can you find the identity information of the big eater king?
I contacted the head of the inspectorate
Not a single missing person
Matches the identity of the big eater
Big eater, who are you?
I am recording
When you're healed, we'll see the sale
Let's eat something to pad our stomachs first
Supreme grid 6 copies
Active Buddha Jumps Over the Wall Table
A Peking duck
Miss Li, your order is ready.
Big stomach king big stomach king
Feed the deer
Where are you now?
By the river where I first found the king
Did you find him?
Can't find it?
There is no surveillance near the full length of the underground
There's nothing the inspectors can do.
And it got even worse.
We don't have the big eater's personal information.
There's no way to find out.
Deer, it's too cold outside
You come back first
Shall we think of another way?
It's too late for you to make a fire in the house
I don't know where to starve and be beaten
What am I supposed to do?
But there is no but
I will not go back to the shopkeeper.
Never forgive me
He asked me where you were